[Music]
17 anti-aging foods to boost glowing
skin if your eyes are the window to your
soul then your skin is the window to
your health your skin reflects what you
eat and that's why topical creams and
lotions can only do so much for its
appearance since aging starts from the
inside out it's only logical to start
caring for your skin from the inside out
as well the good news is that you can
easily do this by eating right before we
tell you about the most beneficial foods
for your skin remember to subscribe to
our channel on the bright side of life
you'll find a lot of amazing videos so
don't forget to switch on those
notifications 17 fatty fish fish that
are high in omega-3 fatty acids salmon
mackerel herring sardines tuna are
essential for healthy glowing skin
omega-3 fatty acids keep the skin supple
and moisturized and reduce inflammation
these fish are also a great source of
vitamin E which has antioxidant
properties and zinc zinc is a wound
healing minerals that helps get rid of
acne and irritations 16 nuts just like
fish nuts are rich in omega-3 fatty
acids zinc and vitamin E on top of that
they contain other minerals and vitamins
that keep your skin young and glowing by
eating nuts regularly you'll supply your
body with several B vitamins including
folate which prevents dermatitis
selenium which is another good
antioxidant for the skin and vitamin C
which has anti-aging properties walnuts
are especially beneficial if you want
your skin to stay young for as long as
possible as they delay skin aging walnut
oil is also a great moisturizer
in addition these nuts can help you get
rid of dark circles under your eyes as
for other nuts almonds and cashews are
almost as useful as walnuts
fifteen avvocato avocado is another food
filled with the healthy fats that
improve your skin's elasticity and
moisture barrier one more benefit is
that avocados are rich in carotenoids
which protect the skin from sun damage a
study was conducted that involved 82
airline pilots and other people who
often traveled by plane it's a known
fact that such people are exposed to
harmful ionizing radiation but the
subjects of the experiment who ate
avocados suffered much less DNA damage
what makes avocado standout however is
that they contain d Menahem Telos a
unique phytochemical that is believed to
stimulate collagen production 14 green
tea a favorite drink of many people
green tea is not only tasty but also
highly beneficial for your skin's health
it's full of polyphenols and catechins
and these are antioxidants that reduce
skin redness by fighting inflammation
they also effectively protect your skin
from sun damage at the same time even if
you drink several cups of green tea
every day in the summer don't forget to
use sunscreen every time you go outside
this is crucial for your health
13 yogurt and kefir yogurt and kefir are
packed full of the living probiotics
that help your skin look young by
reducing redness irritation and acne the
friendly bacteria fight inflammation in
the gut which is where a lot of skin
problems take root you can also apply
yogurt to your face as a facial mask
this is a great way to rejuvenate your
skin the lactic acid and yoghurt has
anti-aging and exfoliating properties to
reduce fine lines and give your face a
healthy glow 12 honey
honey is a natural antioxidant and
moisturizer with antibacterial
properties it's no wonder that it's so
beneficial for the skin
honey is typically used in DIY face
masks and applied topically to reduce
inflammation treat acne and moisturize
dry skin such types of honey as manuka
and kanika are especially effective for
these purposes eating honey is also a
good idea especially if you use it to
replace other sweets 11 blueberries most
berries are great for your skin and your
health in general but blueberries are
especially good often called a superfood
they are a rich source of antioxidants
and therefore help your skin fight
damage from free radicals
you can't avoid these damaging molecules
as they come from pollution cigarette
smoke light and so on they penetrate
deep into your skin and only certain
antioxidants like the ones found in
blueberries can protect you and repair
your skin from the inside
as for the anthocyanins that blueberries
contain they stabilize collagen as a
result your skin remains youthful and
healthy for longer anthocyanins are
antioxidants found in all brightly
colored vegetables and fruit especially
those which are purple or deep red
number ten oranges there are two main
reasons why oranges are good for your
skin they're packed with vitamin C and
they're loaded with water water hydrates
the skin from the inside and prevents
breakouts and vitamin C while also being
an antioxidant plays a significant role
in collagen production as for collagen
it keeps your skin supple and firm
preventing sagginess and wrinkles number
nine pomegranates just like oranges this
fruit is rich in skin friendly vitamin C
on top of that pomegranates contain
ellagic acid and Punic Callaghan Punic
Allegan is believed to increase your
body's capacity to preserve collagen and
elastin fights damage from free radicals
and slows the breakdown of collagen
combine that with the collagen boosting
powers of vitamin C and you'll get a
real miracle worker for your skin number
eight tomatoes tomatoes besides being
one more great source of vitamin C
contain major carotenoids such as
lycopene lutein alpha carotene and
beta-carotene antioxidant carotenoids
protect your skin from sun damage and
prevent wrinkles they're also naturally
anti-inflammatory to reap the full
benefits of tomatoes it's best to cook
them using a healthy fat such as olive
oil rather than eat them raw eating them
cooked helps your body to absorb more
lycopene in addition you can apply
tomatoes directly to your skin you'll
find different recipes all over the
internet Tomatoes will treat open pores
help you to get glowing skin and prevent
signs of aging on top of all that they
can also work as an effective natural
sunscreen and protect your skin from
dangerous UV rays number seven spinach
and kale green leafy vegetables like
spinach and kale are full of vitamins
that the skin loves including vitamins A
C and E vitamin A controls sebum
production vitamin C boosts collagen and
vitamin E protects from oxidative damage
together they help your skin remain
moisturized plump and free of wrinkles
and spots both spinach and kale are also
anti-inflammatory
fight flare-ups in your gut and
therefore your skin number six
bell peppers out of all the fruits and
vegetables red and yellow bell peppers
contain the highest amount of vitamin C
they're also rich in the skin healthy
vitamins b6 + b9 folate and carotenoids
vitamin b6 is known to prevent and fight
such skin conditions as dermatitis
eczema and hormonal acne folate improves
the firmness of your skin
folic acid also helps to remove toxins
from your body this can significantly
reduce acne you can get nutrients from
bell peppers of all colors but the red
and yellow ones contain the highest
amounts number five fermented foods
yogurt and kefir aren't the only
fermented foods that are good for your
skin in your health the list of the
healthiest fermented foods include
sauerkraut pickles miso kimchi raw
cheese and soybean products like tempeh
and natto all fermented foods contain
probiotics these are friendly bacteria
that balance out the bad bacteria in
your gut and calm down the information
that would otherwise show up on your
skin
they also prevent wrinkles and give you
a glowing complexion by optimizing the
absorption of nutrients from everything
you eat another benefit of probiotics is
that they contain anti-aging lactic acid
number four tumeric this spice has
gained the reputation of a superfood and
for good reason tumeric is
anti-inflammatory and that's why it
helps to heal acne and calm down redness
it also prevents oxidative damage to the
skin repairs existing sun damage and
even prevent skin cancer people use
tumeric as an ingredient in facial masks
to help get rid of acne scars and other
types of scars this spice can also help
with different dermatological problems
but you need to be extremely careful not
to use too much of this substance or it
will do more harm than good
number three raw cacao the reason why
raw cacao is so beneficial is the
resveratrol it contains resveratrol is a
really powerful antioxidant like all
other antioxidants it protects and
repairs sun damaged skin and prevents
signs of premature aging cacao is also
one of the biggest sources of magnesium
in food magnesium is a calming mineral
helping to reduce skin irritations cocoa
which is roasted cacao and dark
chocolate which is made with cocoa also
have some resveratrol but not nearly as
much to get the most out of raw cacao
it's best to consume it by adding it to
smoothies or yogurt
number two oats oats are full of
manganese this mineral isn't commonly
associated with skin health
however manganese helps your body absorb
essential skin vitamins and minerals
such as choline biotin and vitamin C
together they help to preserve your
skin's elasticity and fight free radical
damage oats also contain the skin
healing zinc and antioxidant selenium
number one olive oil one of the most
beneficial oils for your overall health
olive oil is also good for your skin it
contains omega-3 fatty acids and
polyphenols
as mentioned before omega-3 keeps your
skin supple and moisturized and
polyphenols protected from oxidative
damage and to fight inflammation have
you found this video useful then hit the
like button right away
tell us in the comments about your
favorite products from the ones we've
mentioned in the video let's see what
people liked most of all
[Music]